	PEG-based gels are being investigated for different applications like anti-fouling properties coatings due to their nature of being biocompatible and their dynamic surface properties because ofduring swelling. This means that the gGels undergo stress as solvent molecules diffuse into the network,  and create which can result in complex surface topography. Incorporation of aA dynamic cross-linker is integrated into this system to help createinduce smart gels behavior, meaning that the network is are stimuli- responsive and allow us to control the properties. To control this surface behavior via the photo-responsive cross-linker, we need to understand the 3-D network of gels.
	The gels are made from resins that contain a photoinitiator (DMPA), comonomer (PEGMA) and two cross-linkers (PEGDA and CoumAc). CoumAc is a dynamic cross-linker that can form bonds between two molecules or (dimerize) when irradiated with 365nm UV light and break those bonds break or (cleave) under irradiation with 254nm UV light. with different UV light irradiation. Figure 1 shows the change in the network between the two stages.

The network is formed by UV irradiationa photo-initiated free-radical polymerization, during which where the crosslinkers will bond to monomers, and other crosslinkers to form the a 3-D network. To understand this network, we calculated the cross-link density from the storage modulus experimental measurements. 
M_c=  ρRT/G'
q=  M_w/M_c   

Equation 1, M_c is the average molecular weight between each cross-linked points, ρ is the density of polymer, T is the temperature, and G^' is the storage modulus. This equation applies to only in the rubbery plateau modulus temperature range. Equation 2, q is the crosslinking density and M_w is the molecular weight of the monomer. Even though we know the cross-linker amount mol fraction in the initial resin mixture, the cross-linkers can form loops, entanglements, or strings when cured. This means that we don’t know thecan’t accurately predict the network structure since it’s the curing process introduces a high degree of randomization because of curing process. Here we made gels at the two stages (dimerized and cleaved) with the incorporation of CoumAc incorporated at various mol fractionsand different formulations. We gathered the storage modulus over a wide range of temperatures for these samples and calculated the cross-link density at room temperature. This data is then trained on regression models to get the ideal formulation based on desired results with the calculated cross-link density as the target value. 
